Change Azure OpenAI Docs to match the new integration developed with them (#928)
wandb/docs: docs/guides/integrations/other/azure-openai-fine-tuning.md

---

## Introduction

> Fine-tuning GPT-3.5 or GPT-4 models on Microsoft Azure using W&B allows you to track, analyze, and improve your model's performance. This integration automatically captures fine-tuning metrics and enables systematic model evaluation through W&B's experiment tracking and evaluation tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fine-tuning GPT-3.5 or GPT-4 models on Microsoft Azure using W&B allows you to track, analyze, and improve your model's performance by automatically capturing metrics and enabling systematic model evaluation through W&B's experiment tracking and evaluation tools.
```

![](/images/integrations/aoai_ft_plot.png)

## Prerequisites
- Azure OpenAI service set up as per [official Azure documentation](https://wandb.me/aoai-wb-int)
- W&B account with API key configured

> ## Workflow Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Workflow overview
```

> ### 1. Fine-tuning Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Fine-tuning setup
```

- Prepare your training data according to Azure OpenAI requirements
- Configure your fine-tuning job in Azure OpenAI
- W&B automatically tracks the fine-tuning process, logging metrics and hyperparameters

### 2. Experiment tracking
During fine-tuning, W&B captures:
- Training and validation metrics
- Model hyperparameters
- Resource utilization
- Training artifacts

### 3. Model evaluation

> After fine-tuning, use [W&B Weave](weave-docs.wandb.ai) to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After fine-tuning, use [W&B Weave](https://weave-docs.wandb.ai) to:
```

> ### 2. Experiment Tracking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Experiment tracking
```

> ### 3. Model Evaluation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3. Model evaluation
```

- Evaluate model outputs against reference datasets
- Compare performance across different fine-tuning runs
- Analyze model behavior on specific test cases
- Make data-driven decisions for model selection

## Real-World example

> Check out our [medical note generation demo](https://wandb.me/aoai-ft-colab) to see how this integration enables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [medical note generation demo](https://wandb.me/aoai-ft-colab) to see how this integration enables:
```

> ## Real-World Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Real-World example
```

- Systematic tracking of fine-tuning experiments
- Model evaluation using domain-specific metrics
- Version comparison for selecting the best model

> ### Interactive Demo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Interactive demo
```

* [Fine-tuning Notebook](https://wandb.me/aoai-med-ft)

> ## Additional Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional resources
```
